# Data journalism: Visualizing BAföG

This project explores datasets regarding BAföG (German student grant system). Emphasis is put on the development of the grant rate and average granted sum over time as well as differences between states.

## Structure
```
project
│   README.md
│   LICENSE
|   ...
│
└─── data
│   │   ...
│   
└─── R
│   │   development.R
│   │   money.R
│   │   helpers.R
│   
└─── website
│   │   ...
```
The project is structured into three subfolders. 

`data` contains the raw BAföG datasets. 

`R` consists of all R files handeling the statistical analysis of the data, whereby `development.R` deals with all analysis regarding the development of the grant rate over time. `money.R` conducts calculations concerning financial data, e.g. the development of the average monthly granted sum of money over time. `helpers.R` contains functions, which are shared between the other scripts.

The folder `website` contains all files for the project website, which was implemented with Vue.js. It loads static data that was previously generated by the R scripts.

## Results

The resulting project website can be found under: [https://datenjournalismus-bafog.firebaseapp.com/#/](https://datenjournalismus-bafog.firebaseapp.com/#/)

## License

This project was conducted during the winter term of 2019/2020 as part of the master cours "Daten - IT - Kommunikation" at Karlsruher Institut für Technologie.

Concept and Implementation by:
- Nina Neser (KIT)
- Sun Mengqiong (KIT)
- Alina Burlakov (KIT)
- Marcus Mikorski (KIT)
- Clarissa Staudt (FU and TU Berlin)
Distributed under GPLv3 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.
